Add contacts docs (#55593)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/business-and-security-contacts.mdx

---
title: Business & Security Contacts
description: Configure business and security contact emails to receive important updates from Teleport.
tocDepth: 3
---

The **Business & Security Contacts** feature allows administrators to
configure email addresses that will receive important operational,
billing, and security-related notifications from Teleport.

This helps ensure that the right teams in your organization stay
informed about critical updates, such as license renewals,
security advisories, and compliance-related changes.

When you create an enterprise account, the email associated with
your administrator will automatically be set as a business and
security contact.

## Contact types

You can configure two types of contact emails:

- **Business Contact**: Intended for billing, account management, and administrative notices.
- **Security Contact**: Intended for vulnerability disclosures, security alerts, and compliance communication.

You may configure the same email address for both roles or provide
separate addresses based on your organization’s structure.
Each contact type supports up to **three** email addresses.

## Listing Contacts

<Admonition type="note">

> 

Author: Thanks, I applied this an other comment's feedback into [this commit](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/commit/833119e3d39bde12a5d0e05e990e7326da4b28bf), please let me know what you think.

Users will need permission to `list` the `contact` resource.

> On dashboards, all users have this permission.

Author: Added a section about how contacts are only supported via the web UI https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/commit/833119e3d39bde12a5d0e05e990e7326da4b28bf

</Admonition>

### Teleport Cloud

> 

Author: Thanks, do you think a short description like this is enough: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/55593/commits/efe88c64420a09dd237f565791f72da5b665f270

Or we should add some additional context?

---
title: Business & Security Contacts
description: Configure business and security contact emails to receive important updates from Teleport.
tocDepth: 3
---

The **Business & Security Contacts** feature allows administrators to
configure email addresses that will receive important operational,
billing, and security-related notifications from Teleport.

This helps ensure that the right teams in your organization stay
informed about critical updates, such as license renewals,
security advisories, and compliance-related changes.

When you create a Teleport Enterprise account, the email associated with
your administrator will automatically be set as a business and
security contact.

## Contact Types

You can configure two types of contact emails:

- **Business Contact**: Intended for billing, account management, and administrative notices.
- **Security Contact**: Intended for vulnerability disclosures, security alerts, and compliance communication.

> You may configure the same email address for both roles or provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the same email addresses for both purposes or provide
```

separate addresses based on your organization’s structure.
Each contact type supports up to **three** email addresses.

## Listing Contacts

This section explains how to view the configured Business and Security contacts for a cluster.

Currently, contacts can only be viewed and managed through the **Teleport Web UI**.  
Other tools like `tctl` and the API are not supported for contact operations.

Users will need permission to `list` the `contact` resource. On dashboards, all users have this permission.

### Teleport Cloud

To view or manage contacts for a cluster in Teleport Cloud, follow these steps:

1. Go to https://teleport.sh and enter your tenant name.
1. Sign in using your credentials.

> 1. Hover over Zero Trust Access on the side menu and access Manage Clusters.

Reviewer: Not an item for today, but we should change this some day. Business contacts shouldn't be buried this deep in the UI, and they probably shouldn't be under ZTA.

1. Select your cluster on the list and click Options to expand the dropdown menu.

### Teleport Self-Hosted

Self-hosted users must go to their **dashboard cluster** in order to view and edit contacts.

1. Go to https://teleport.sh and enter your tenant name.
1. Sign in using your credentials.
1. Click Clusters on the side menu.
1. Select your cluster on the list and click Options to expand the dropdown menu.

## Adding Contacts

This section explains how to add new Business or Security contacts to your cluster.

Any email address can be added as a contact. They do not have to belong
to any existing Teleport user in your cluster.

<Admonition type="note">

> Users will need permission to `edit` the `contact` resource.

Reviewer: Should this be `write` instead of `edit`?

On dashboards, the role `dashboard-admin` will have the necessary
permissions to edit contacts.

</Admonition>

1. Go to the contacts lists following the instructions on the section below.
1. Click `Add New` under the category you want to add a contact.
1. Enter the email and click Invite.

![Adding Contacts](../img/contact-add.png)

### Confirmation Email

New contacts are initially marked as pending. 
A confirmation email is sent to the address with an activation link.

> ![Confirmation Email](../img/contact-confirmation-email.png)

Reviewer: I don't think we need to include a screenshot of the email here.
